<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <!-- Required meta tags -->
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, shrink-to-fit=no">
    <!-- Bootstrap CSS -->
    <!-- link rel="stylesheet" href="https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.0.0/css/bootstrap.min.css" integrity="sha384-Gn5384xqQ1aoWXA+058RXPxPg6fy4IWvTNh0E263XmFcJlSAwiGgFAW/dAiS6JXm" crossorigin="anonymous" -->
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootswatch/4.0.0/lumen/bootstrap.min.css" />
    <title>Brick Fiesta STEM</title>
</head>

<body>
    <div class="container">
        <ul class="nav nav-pills nav-fill">
            <li class="nav-item">
                <a class="nav-link" href="#about">About</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-item">
                <a class="nav-link" href="#missionstatement">Mission Statement</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-item">
                <a class="nav-link" href="#currentboard">Current Board Members</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-item">
                <a class="nav-link" href="#formerboard">Former Board Members</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-item">
                <a class="nav-link" href="#meetingminutes">Meeting Minutes</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-item">
                <a class="nav-link" href="#contactus">Contact Us</a>
            </li>
        </ul>
        <h1>Brick Fiesta STEM</h1>
        <hr />
<h2 id="agenda">Agenda</h2>

<code>
Accounts Management
9:00 - 9:10 PM
Infrastructure Team
9:10 - 9:20 PM
BF Mission Statement
9:20 - 9:30 PM
</code>

<h2 id="minutes">Minutes</h2>
<code>
9:10 PM - Brick Fiesta STEM meeting called to order.
9:12 PM - Kurt discussed the state of the non-profit paperwork. Still waiting on IRS paperwork, operating documents and by-laws, and release and assignment from Alamo to Brick Fiesta STEM.
9:13 PM - Chris discussed missing account information in the accounts spreadsheet. Will is going to reach out the existing co-chairs and get password information for those missing accounts.  
9:22 PM - Kurt mentioned Stripe is asking for two factor authentication. This might be something that needs to be addressed with changing co-chairs.
9:24 PM - Chris based on feedback from TJ discussed creating an Infrastructure committee that would be in charge infrastructure related items website, email, accounts, and other BF assets year to year.
9:27 PM - Chris motioned for committee and Kurt seconded and it was voted 5 yeahs.
9:28 PM - Creating a draft mission statement for Brick Fiesta STEM and Brick Fiesta - Event and sending out a link that board members will edit and add their input into the Brick Fiesta Guidelines document. Chris will send the draft out for comment.
9:40 PM - Co-chair announcements are to be mailed out tonight.
9:47 PM - Accounts information with relation to the website and square and stripe were discussed as well as the using of the paypal account.
9:49 PM - Non profit taxed items, anything donated no sales tax, memberships no sales tax, and 2 - 24 no sales tax period, and selling items outside that require sales tax. Raffle tickets laws need to be reviewed. The current idea is that on paper and officially memberships are sold anytime, pre-order items are sold before with pickup and delivery from 6 PM Friday to 6 PM Sunday being our two tax free days.
9:58 PM - Motion to adjourn by Chris and seconded by David.
</code>

</div>

</body>
</html>
